Yeah, I see. I saw him do a lot of sets back then, too.
Back when he was doing hanging with Mr. Cooper, he'd drop in and do that.
I haven't seen him in a long time.
I think he's on tour with a cat right here.
He's got a sleeper Bronco. I think he still has it.
We had this like 1980s, black Bronco,
but he had it all done up like OJ Bronco. It was like a OJ Bronco, but he had a,
he had like a engine upgrade in it. Suspension, upgrade tires, wheels,
the whole deal. Nice. It was like an urban assault vehicle,
like a powerful Bronco that like,
it just looked like an older Bronco that somebody just has on the road.
But meanwhile, this thing is like tuned up.
Nice. Yeah. The classics man. Yeah.
And he would drive around that thing. He had a gang of cars. I love cars.
Really nice. Funny guy. I gotta get.
I gotta, I gotta get some old schools. I wanna, uh, I want a Trans-Am.
That's what I was. Ooh,
I want the smokey and the bandit trans and that's what I want. What is this?
Oh, that's right. It died. He got hit by a tree. That's right.
Did it catch on fire? No, man. That's the Bronco.
Yeah. The storm last year took
mark Curry's Bronco. He loved that thing, man. That was it.
It was a total sleeper. The car was a sleeper. Okay.
That's smart dudes like him, man. They get sleepers.
They like to drive around in a no notice car.
Yeah. So you move around. You got to move around like that too.
Don't bring too much attention. Yeah.
You got to move around and go wherever you want to go. When you want to go,
you know.
No nonsense Bronco. I need an old school. What kind?
I liked the, I liked the pickup trucks, the old Chevy thirties or fifties,
like fifties, the Chevy with the, uh, with the, like the bubble. Oh yeah. Uh,
tire covers what it was that called.
But I know what you're talking about. There's one that a lot of people redo.
There's a very specific, uh, Chevy pickup truck right there. That's no,
I need that. Look at that. I need one of those 1950 Chevy pickup.
Wow. It's crazy. What they can do to those too. I mean,
who would have ever saw it? If you looked at one of those in the flesh in 1950,
that someone would have something like that in 2018, that looks like 50.
Cars. It cost $6,000 in 1950. It even cost that much.
Let's guess how much did the pickup truck cost? In 1950,
I say $1,500. I'm gonna say 3,500.
How much did the pickup cost? In? 1950. Here we go.
Drum roll, please.
Nothing popped up off the top.
That might be giving me pricing for now, too. So I'm trying to, oh.
How did you write, how much did a pickup truck? Cause.
There's people price of in.
Retail price in 1950.
Maybe that's it.
People listening to this, uh, bored out of their mind right now.
But do you really care? Why do you care? What a pickup truck cost 1950.
Are they watching live? Some people, Hey, what's up people.
There's a slight delay. Nice. Oh, for curses. There's the internet.
I think it's too late.
We already it up. How much did it cost? 1243. 1200. Yeah.
12 43, 12 43, $1,243.
That's crazy insane. I touched it current value. 30,000. Nice or so.
Yeah, I got to get one. That's what you want?
Why a pickup truck and not a muscle car? Uh.
No I wouldn't. I want that. I want that spooky to made at first. Oh
yeah, of course.
I want to Lincoln continental with the suicide doors on one of those need that.
Wow. Gotta have that.
The smoke in the band. Are you going to have the Firebird on the front? Yeah,
absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. The same.
One. I want to, uh, I want the, the, uh, Fordham Mustang that Eleanor.
Yes. Yes.
The gun 60 seconds. That, that that's one of the best looking cars of all time.
Probably the, yeah, probably.
The 66 Corvette. Beautiful car.
Those are great, beautiful car. I have a 65 convertible. Do you really love so,
you know yeah. They're great cars, a full piece of machinery. It's crazy.
Look right there. Look back. The top comes off. Like you just.
Right there. Wow. That's one of the most.
Lyrical cause ever made. Is that a 67? Jamie? That sort of says, yeah.
That is incredible.
Is it called Eleanor before that movie or that come from something like that?
I think it came from the movie.
Right? Yeah. No, I think it means something. I think Eleanor,
when you say it backwards, like whatever the, uh,
acronym is, the, uh, well find it. It's the,
I think that's what they did. I think they took some kind of tuner thing.
Some someone's name and used it backwards. It's like Roanoke.
Is that it?
I remember very vaguely the story of how they came up with the name Eleanor
anyway. See if you can find it.
Yeah, definitely need that. Yeah, that right there. It's a dope car. Super dope.
Maybe I'm thinking the opposite.
Maybe what I'm thinking of is someone made a car. That's like Eleanor,
but they spelled it backwards. I think that might be it. It just.
Says Eleanor is the only Ford one mock one in history to receive a car,
title credit.
Take the word Eleanor and spell it backwards and Google that.
I think there's a car that they're making where they spell Eleanor backwards.
I think this is where I'm getting the.
Hyundai ruler eight,
the new Hyundai rolly lake Eleanor.
2005. Ron mustard. Oh see, there it is. Yeah.
That's what it is. That's where I up.
Yeah. So there's a Mustang that they were,
there were spelling Eleanor backwards to make a dope Mustang. Oh.
Okay. Okay. Not bad.
Yeah. Not bad for a modern car. Right. You're fun. That's nice.
Those are like modern muscle cars.
Look at that. That's nice. Ooh.
Those cars like that year, like, uh,
into the 2000 fifteens and sixteens, when they kept the, they,
they got rid of the live rear axle somewhere around.
I want to say like pretty recently, like 2012 or something like that. When,
when was the, the,
the latest Mustang released the latest model Mustang before
that they used to have a solid rear axle like a muscle car. Right?
So it can handle terrible, but it's, but it was fun to go.
But you would stomp on the gas and thing would go sideways.
It would burn out everywhere.
It was really like having a modern muscle car with like anti-lock brakes and a
stick shift. And you buy it from the factory with 550 horsepower ridiculous car.
Then they got it all the way up to 700. And the last models,
the last models of the GT 500 were 700.
Horsepower front wheel, rear wheel drive. Wow. Wow. 700 horsepower.
Crazier axle. That's insane. Yeah. Big, crazy rear axle bounce it all over.
Every, every pothole you hit the cargo silo. I need that.
I think that Illinois, but apparently that's like great though.
Those old schooly muscle cars for gripping the ground.
There's something about having everything all in one fat Keelan,
orphaned the bags, right? Those two black stripes on the asphalt,
as it goes sideways. I love.
It. I love it. What'd you say you have a 60, 65 Corvette.
Yeah. That's nice. I love it. It's an old rumble. I believe.
From what I just read that that car was only made made for,
or maybe even used in that original movie and the guy that made it HB,
Toby Holynski wrote starred and directed that movie.
So it's his car. So,
but I think they made several versions because I saw a video of them selling one
of them. They were selling one of them online. Yeah.
But there's a company called classic.
Recreation's they make those now they'll they'll make you a so you can get a
frame. Yeah, no, they do the whole thing from the beginning out.
And they make you like a brand new version of a 1967 Mustang.
But with modern engine modern suspension, something like that. Cool.
Expansive as.
I could have imagined, I could imagine.
If you're some rich dude who just, you know, you look at as one,
this is the thing about this, like flossing, right?
Like if you have a Lamborghini, you like, look at this guys, doors, go up,
you know, there's something about that. Right?
The Lamborghini was made for philosophy Ferrari, same thing you pull up.
[inaudible] like, look at this making it. Woo. Yup.
But if you pull up in one of those things, that's,
that's a different kind of enjoyment.
That's like you're driving around in an art piece. Exactly. You know, that's,
that's.
A, that's a attention. Grab a storyteller. That's it?
That's like people are just going to stop.
You. Yeah. It's like an a plus in terms of like the impact it has on,
on guys, particularly, but girls care about that as much like.
A muscle car. I think chicks will dig that one.
I think that one that one's so dig the long ball, man. That's a long time.
That's the long ball that is that's out of the past.
Like what is that like? Hey, come take her out. Pull up, pull.
That photo up again. That's silver one.
The 1967 silver one that you just had up.
Look at this again.
She's looking at you. Come on. You pull that up in front of the club. Yeah.
Jesus Christ. That's pretty.
Much the one from the movie sold for an auction.
Let me guess the one from the $700,000. 4 million.
1 million. Wow. Yeah. Wow. The main one.
From John wick or from Algon and 60 seconds in John wick.
That's what it was. It wasn't the Eleanor one. I'm remembering wrong.
It was the, they were selling one of the Mustangs to the movie. John wick.
He had a 69.
He had a, it wasn't a Helena, but he had a nice one.
Right? He had a 69 that got stolen, got killed his dog and stole the car.
And then he got a 70 Chevelle Chevelle. That's another everybody.
That's 70 ships. That's 70 Chevelles. Wow.
That's a good one. That's it? Oh, and Paula, I gotta get an Impala too.
I need it.
You know, what's even more classic than a, oh, look at that. God man.
That's a 69. I think that's a mock one. Is that what it is? Yeah. Ooh.
Look at that. Oh, it makes me faint. Just fruity.
I can weaken the legs when I see a car like that, I'm like, oh my goodness.
Look at that thing. That is a mirror.
It's like two pieces to that thing. It's like the front. Yeah.
They do not drive that. Good. They do not. Cause that looks pretty stock.
They do not handle very well. Nope. Terrible. It's another kind of car. Yeah.
If you had like a modern Honda accord, you'll blow that thing off the road.
Like for real you've written that's God work of art though.
You take the Honda accord. I'll take that. That look how pretty that is.
That might be one of the best looking cars of all time.
No, that Eleanor is yeah.
Top three. Go to that one in the upper right hand corner. Young Jamie,
look at that thing. Geez.
1969 Mach one pal.
Mirka dude. Hendricks was alive that his car was.
Out. That is a sexy vehicle right there.
Hendrix died in 69. Right? You could,
you could have been on your way to a Hendrix concert in that car in 1969,
you would be the man. Can you imagine you pick up your girl, go to the concert.
Net people, you know, people were just different then. Nice. Yeah.
Hendricks probably would pull up the concert of that. Right?
That'd be a car Hendrickson drive. Kevin's a guitar in the passenger seat. Yeah.
I found out there was a house that was for sale.
That Hendrix almost bought LA in Topanga canyon. I was like, you.
Don't, it's almost.
Counted. It's almost count. He's just walked through it. Like, nah,
not this one.
Apparently on his way to buying it when he died. What.
Is that thing? Yes.
T top son. That's Jimmy Hendricks Corvette. Holy.
See if you find the other pictures of that thing.
That's that's the sexy cause she looked like a shock.
God, Jimi Hendrix had a baby.
That's just a different one. But yeah, those are crazy. Looking,
go to that other one. That was just on that.
This is it right here. That's.
So there's only a couple of pictures of the car from the top two Corvettes.
He had two Corvettes or those? Both his back-to-back. Is that what?
We're looking at? Two different ones. It's the same.
Car. Oh yeah. Jimmy Hendrix.
Knew how to live old school, man. Dinosaur. Beautiful,
beautiful car. Yeah. What do you drive Tony? I have, Ooh,
I like it. I like it. I got a Cadillac. Which one you got? I got.
The STS. It's mine is old now.
I was actually going to buy a new car like the next couple of months.
I don't know what I want. You have a crazy.
New sedan coming out. Which one?
Some something V some big four doors, super powered. Ultra comfy.
I've been waiting.
For. Have you seen the El Mirage? Can you pull up the Cadillac? El Mirage.
L E L M I R a J. I've been waiting four years for this car.
And every time I go to the auto show, they're like, yeah, it's coming next year.
So I wait, wait, wait. That sounds like a superhero.
In a Robert Rodriguez movie. The El Mirage.
Look at this. Ooh. Four years Cadillac. I've been waiting for this car.
Whoa. Every auto show. Yeah. Next year.
That is slick. That's a two door. Yes. Holy.
I've been waiting patiently for this car. You know, when we were kids,
we thought about what cars would look like in the future.
That's what they would look like in the future.
Look at the front end of that thing. Like the headlights. Those are crazy.
Look at that, man. That has such a futuristic,
like pause there for that picture and make that a little bit bigger.
That has such a futuristic.
Shape to look at the leather on the inside.
And look at that grill. Look how that grill integrates. We're like,
this is how girls go with shoes. Like, oh my God,
do you see how strappy they are? And you say to your girl, like, I don't get it.
This is it right here. You're not going to get it.
This it's so strappy for years, I've been waiting for this car.
Why are you such Cadillac, dude?
Uh, my father drove a Cadillac tribute to my dad. I like that last call.
My pops had before he passed away was a burgundy Cadillac.
And he eyes from remember he loved it so much and I didn't know,
grow growing up in New York. I didn't need a car. Right. When I moved to LA,
I was like, oh, I got to get a call to get around. And I'm like,
what am I going to get tribute to dad Cadillac.
I love it. That's a good move.
Yeah. They make some old school cars too.
That you could actually get fixed up and drive around some seventies.
We're going to get up. I'm going to get an oldie and put it,
put it in the hands of a caretaker and let them just fix it up. Get.
You one of them. Definitely gonna do that. Two door Eldorados.
Ooh, nice. What color? What color?
Ah, I don't know. Maybe like a money green. Ooh.
Ooh. Like I'm like the Bishop. Did he have a migraine more.
Than scratch that? We'll then scratch that. We'll go burgundy
because I don't want anybody to mistake me for the. Right?
I don't want no girl running up at my car at a in and out burger.
Like I got your money. Daddy.
The burgundy. I like burgundy liquid, like a little bit of metallic flake to it.
Nice.
Oh yeah. That would be nice.
Yes. Fresh Chrome.
Riding those things, man. I mean,
you got to respect the fact that it takes a long time to stop those.
Convertible.
Eldorado. That [inaudible].
Look at this. We're looking at a 76 convertible Eldorado.
Oh, oh my God. What a shape? Look at that.
What a shape that was back when they didn't know what the aerodynamics was.
What.
Did oh, that's what we talking about right there. Look at that thing.
Look at that.
What year is that? Jamie? 67. Yeah. God that's nice.
People just drove these enormous boats. Look at the size of the trunk.
It's crazy.
That trunk can fit like a smart card. Yeah. Yeah.
You could easily sleep in that trunk. No problem. That's nice.
They just went through a period of time where they were making these giant
boats, like the suicide door. Continental. You talked about that all the time.
Yeah. All the time. Classic. Gotta.
Love that. Yeah. That's another one. The best calls probably ever.
Made.
No it's another best car ever made that I would never want to park anywhere.
1968 charger. I saw in 1968 charger all done up. Dukes of hazard.
It's similar is that it was that year 68, 69. One of those years,
either one of those years is bad-ass. But those cars,
they were just like sharks, like big, long boats.
They weren't like in any way, like, look at that.
That's not in any way practical in terms of its shape. Like it's gotta be that.
Wind's got to go into that grill in a weird way and probably slows it down.
It's like having a little mini parachute in the front of your hood. Obviously.
I don't know about aerodynamic dynamics. Well,
I think when you go back to that original picture, man,
that original one was beautiful. Look that's thing.
That's what I'm talking about. Like that car just represents a different world.
That's how fast and furious, right? Yeah. He had.
Right or similar something similar similar years.
There's something about a 1970. It got weird.
Cause then they put the bumper all around the front,
like a big oval who see you ever see that? No. Yeah.
This car pull up 1970 charger. 1970. Got weird.
Like somebody got crafty. Look at the front bumper.
Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. What.
Did you just do? Hey, Hey, come here. That's like put it back. Yeah.
What did you do? Put it back. You had something black.
One go to the black one right above it. Where are the headlights? Oh,
they roll up. They roll up like a 69 Camaro. You ever see a 60 community?
Yeah. It flips it. Yeah. Those things flip.
That was like the rage back then man. People love roll-up headlights.
That's a good picture of Jamie.
But the other one's better because you could see the uh, no,
the black one right next to it. Cause you could see the other, yeah.
That weren't there because you could see the grill,
like make that a little bigger, like look how goofy that is.
Look how goofy that grill is the bumper and the, the griller,
like there it's I got an up bumper and a down bumper. Like what are you doing?
Why'd you do that? Don't don't do that. You had it. Perfect. You.
Some guy was like, you know, Alex, those people were on Coke.
It was the seventies. They were like, you know what. Double bumped it.
Let's do it. Double bumper bumper up top bumper. The bottom. It's my thing, bro.
You're going to push that through to the GM. Uh, Hey,
did you bring up my idea about the double bumper bumper on top, on the bottom?
I'm telling you, man, it's a move.
It's one that I look at that just doesn't look as good.
It still looks bad though. It's still the original picture was the one. Yeah.
Now go to a 19 69, 19 69 is a sweet spot.
That's when they nailed it and then they it up.
They should've made the 1969 charger. Oh yes.
See it wasn't that it was weeks hazard. Look at that one.
That black one up on the upper left-hand corner right there. Upper left. Yeah.
Right there. Look at that. Oh my goodness. What a shape?
Those people just had a different way of looking at automobiles.
They weren't confined by.
What's the spot? Uh, big Bob's big boy in Burbank.
When they have the cause I never stopped him. I've been to similar things.
I've been to the LA auto show too. It's pretty interesting.
But I guess those cars and coffees and things, he ever done. One of those? No,
I heard those are pretty bad people.
I pull up with weird cars and Lana was always showing up at some Burbank people.
They have all over the place. They have them in Irvine and all,
all over the place. People got to check it out. I do the auto show every year.
And I asked about the El Mirage and they're like, yeah, next year.
You are just obsessed with Cadillacs. Got to get it. That's interesting.
Got to get it. So no matter how big you get Cadillac, I'll have.
Other cars, but it's going to be a caddy. That's your main daily driver.
Probably that Roger's got it. I like.
It, man. I like, it's a different, it's a different kind of luxury car,
you know? And they're really doing it right now too. Yep.
You know what I was doing it right. The new Lincoln navigator. See that thing.
Gigantic. The thing that's crazy big man. Like it.
Yeah. I've written them before. They're they're amazing. I got to test drive.
I haven't driven one, but I've written as a passenger in one. I was like,
this thing is bad. Yeah. Yeah.
I liked the new, uh, Wells Fargo, but the new BMW, seven foof.
It's like a couch going down the street. You just.
Some insane amount of money. $160,000. It's the most, this is one version of it.
It's the most expensive BMW they've ever made.
And it's supposed to be the most technologically advanced.
Nice. And I liked the new, uh, the porch, the four-door uh, Panamera.
Nice. Yes. I get a lot.
Yeah. That's the difference between living here and living in New York,
living in New York. So many people don't have cars. You really don't even.
Like if you have a car in New York is a luxury it's then you start,
do you have to find parking and you go this car, man, my brother, my brother,
Kenny had a car for like a summer. It was like,
I gotta get up and move it every morning. And when I go into the city,
I gotta find five park. And he's like, this man. Yeah.
And when you drive down the street and you see ones with boots on them,
people don't, they don't realize, well, you.
See the tickets just piled up because they'll put a ticket on top of a ticket.
Yep. In LA. Sometimes people will say, Hey, if you already have a ticket,
they won't put another one. I don't know. In New York, they don't,
they'll put a ticket on top of a ticket.
So he was just like a summer at a site. What did he have? He had a, uh.
Yeah, it's a different kind of living,
living with no car living in the city under.
Bird had a fourth in there. But like, it was like a older one now 2004,
those were.
Weird. I was like, this car too.
Many tickets. You know, what's weird Thunderbird. Didn't really totally work.
But the challenge worked perfect. Yeah. The new challenges people like,
oh Jesus, yeah, you nailed it. You got it. Right. The Thunderbird people like,
what are we doing here? Is this an old car? It's a new car.
We don't know who are we?
They stop making that. Right? Yup. They don't make that anymore. Yeah.
Charges was great.
I don't think Ford makes anything other than Mustangs and trucks.
I think they gave up on every single car they made.
Bringing the Bronco back. I know that. Yeah. Bringing the Bronco.
Back. But I think that was a move they made. We just say Jamie,
they have a focus or they stop making them. I think they do.
Recently. Not counting the Ford focus man. Real cars. I think.
Recently they said, they're going to cancel every car except the Mustang.
And they're just going to make trucks. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Somebody went crazy.
Well, I think they'd probably make that Ford GT two in limited numbers.
But yeah,
I think the saline is that that's a different company that takes a Mustang and
then they put an aftermarket kit on it. Oh yeah. Yeah.
That's a Steve Saleens company. They do Corvettes and a bunch of other too.
They do a bunch of different it's like Hennessy give her that Hennessy Hennessy
performance. I've heard of Hennessy performance, but what are we talking about?
Or like Shelby, they take these cars and they'll, you know, like say like the,
do it to a Eldorado or not an Eldorado way. Um,
they'll do it to a escalate. They'll do it to a Corvettes Mustangs.
They'll take a regular car and put a thousand horsepower in it. Oh wow. Okay.
And sell it. So it's but it's not, I mean, it's not just a Corvette,
it's a Hennessy Corvette now. It's like, you know,
like a saline Mustang is like, it's like a Shelby Mustang kind of similar,
but Shelby, they sell from the Ford dealerships. Some Ford dealerships sell St.
Liens. Some of them do that. You can buy them.
Meant drunk when I'm drunk. And my performance on Hennessy,
I hit a C performance.
Or to stop making all passenger cars except the Mustang Explorer
like that. Yeah. So they're just doing trucks. Yeah. And the Bronco,
but that's a dope one car. That's weird. That's the bullet car.
That's the tribute to the Steve McQueen movie. That's what that green car is.
Look at that thing. That is gorgeous. Great movie by the way.
Yeah, it is a great movie. They nailed it though. See Ford nailed it.
With these Mustangs.
They figured out a perfect way to make a shape that makes you think about old
cars, but it looks like a new car.